README.md, before:

# Project 2 - *Flixster*

Submitted by: **Aaron Jacob**

Flixster is a movie browsing app that allows users to select and view details about movies retrieved from The Movie Database.

Time spent: **2.5** hours spent in total

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [x] Users are able to see a customized app icon and launch screen
- [x] Your app should work for any screen size and orientation using AutoLayout constraints
- [x] Displays at least 5 different movies in a table view
- [x] Can tap into detail view of movie with a full description, backdrop image, and title
 
The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [ ] Unique UI changes, such as background, font/color changes, etc.
- [ ] User implements a collection view
- [ ] User implements tab bar controller with at least two screens

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of the app:

[Imgur](https://imgur.com/x7cjtux)

GIF created with [Kap](https://getkap.co/) for macOS.

## Notes

Despite no errors or no warnings detected before or at compile time, some AutoLayout constraints could not be "simultaneously satisfied." I plan to fix this warning in the next iteration.

## License

    Copyright 2023 Aaron Jacob

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Update Readme with high-res GIF

README.md, after:

# Project 2 - *Flixster*

Submitted by: **Aaron Jacob**

Flixster is a movie browsing app that allows users to select and view details about movies retrieved from The Movie Database.

Time spent: **2.5** hours spent in total

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [x] Users are able to see a customized app icon and launch screen
- [x] Your app should work for any screen size and orientation using AutoLayout constraints
- [x] Displays at least 5 different movies in a table view
- [x] Can tap into detail view of movie with a full description, backdrop image, and title
 
The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [ ] Unique UI changes, such as background, font/color changes, etc.
- [ ] User implements a collection view
- [ ] User implements tab bar controller with at least two screens

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of the app (may take a while to load since the high-res GIF is a large file):

![](/FlixsterUnit2GIF.gif)

GIF created with [Kap](https://getkap.co/) for macOS.

## Notes

Despite no errors or no warnings detected before or at compile time, some AutoLayout constraints could not be "simultaneously satisfied." I plan to fix this warning in the next iteration.

## License

    Copyright 2023 Aaron Jacob

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
